Hello, gang.
For the Tennessee Techwriter, downtown, MacArthur Park, Los Angeles, Harmontown is now in session.
On a rare rainy day in L.A., I love it when it's gray in L.A., I like it that way.
Let's bring out the Game Master extraordinaire, Spencer Crittenden.
Apparently, we have a fog machine.
Oh, do we?
Yeah, I don't have tuberculosis.
Speaking of which, let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown.
You know him. You might like him. You might need to.
His name is Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
It's very polite of you.
It's quite smoky out here, right?
Oh, yeah.
Smoking. Smoking it up.
Smoke machine getting rough.
Wrapping to the beat that's there.
Wrapping without a care.
Genuine apathy is what I feel.
Wrapping.
Okay. First order of business, let's do apologies and then corrections.
Yay.
Sorry for last week. My part of it. Not anybody else's.
What do you mean?
I was blackout drunk, so I had to listen. It's a fitting punishment when I'm like,
look, we got together, we did some ad reads at like 2.30 p.m. that day.
Yeah.
And I knew what I was doing. I talked to my therapist all about it.
I'm like, she's like, you know, it's like, well, yeah, we got everything else squared away.
Now that you're almost a perfect person, you know,
starting to talk about the drinking and talking about the drinking means just that, you know,
just doesn't have to be a movie of the week or demonized or binary decisions or anything.
Just talk about your relationship with it.
And I was very personally embarrassed by my own definitions.
Last week, I couldn't put a thought together.
I trampled all over the rose garden of a new engagement by trying to say something about it
that I just came out as me going like, what if I was a slave?
I don't even know what I was trying to say.
It's a fitting punishment that I have to listen to the episodes where I don't remember them
because then it's like, yeah, nose and shit kind of like, listen to what you said.
I mean, yeah, airlines are criminal organizations.
There I said it.
It doesn't need to be 70 minutes.
I don't know why I think no one agrees with me,
but apparently there's a certain line of alcohol where I just don't know anyone has heard me
and that I've said the thing.
But it's like just, I'm already normally when I'm sober or a little tipsy,
like I'm naturally stammery and babbly and embarrassing and confessional and awkward.
But I think there's a deal is broken when I come out so incoherent
that I may as well be like anybody.
There's times that Dan, like as I've known you for a thousand years, that you're...
Let me get a drink while you're talking.
There's times when you're really drunk.
Like when I get really drunk, I cannot talk.
You can talk drunk.
And sometimes when you're saying things drunk, drunkenly to adverbize that,
you still are kind of making sense.
And I wonder, am I just being dumb right now?
Are you making a profound thought or are you just...
No, I probably make no sense.
And you're probably drunk too when I'm drunk because we're probably drinking together.
Because why else would you and I be so shit-faced?
The answer is each other. Bad for each other.
We're like the opposite of a mongoose and a cobra.
And no, I don't mean a cobra and a mongoose.
See, you're drunk. I have no idea what you're talking about right now.
What happens is your metaphors get mixed into a jambalaya...
Yeah, that only happens when he's drunk.
Your metaphors are great.
No, this is a very pithy observation.
You can't just invert the cobra-mongoose relationship.
You end up with the exact same thing.
Right?
You're just going to turn one person into the mongoose.
I still hate each other.
So how drunk are you right now, like one to a hundred?
Sober as a non-supreme court justice.
You know, when in...
Sober as a Kavanaugh.
See, so sober that I'm doing boring, semi-topical, non-applicable humor.
Like, oh, he's famous for beer, right?
Madonna's a whore and Kevorkian kills people.
Yeah, I'm sober.
Oh, yeah.
Remember Dr. Kevorkian?
There is a saying when people say I'm sober as a judge,
and I don't know if that's meant to be...
That's what I meant. Ironic or, yeah.
I was going to say sober as a judge, and then I was like,
oh, fun thing to do.
It's dumb.
Like, I'm not saying I'm funny when I'm sober,
or interesting or entertaining.
I'm just saying, for me, it's like $5, $10, whatever you pay
to listen to me talk for a little while.
Like, my definition of malpractice is
I don't understand what you're even trying to say.
Like, you're just, like, figure-aiding in non-sensities.
Like, even Jeff Bridges figured out what he meant
at the Golden Globes, like, he eventually.
Somebody asked me recently, like, what is Harmontown?
Is it improv?
I would just define it more as drunken malfeasance.
Yeah, it's self-destruction, I think, you know,
like a little confession, a little transparency
at the risk of, you know, a little,
it's like a rich man's NASCAR.
You technically, supposedly, you don't want to see me
burn to death, but let's face it,
what are you, like, watching me go in circles?
Yeah, rich man's NASCAR.
Okay, so that's my apology.
And I don't mean I owe you an apology.
I owe anybody, well, I owe you an apology
if you guys came here last week.
I think if you come out, you come out in the rain
or a shine or whatever, you leave your apartment,
you're risking your life for me.
It's Logan's run out there.
No, wait, Logan's run is a totally peaceful society.
You just have to voluntarily die at 30.
Zardaz out there.
Tomorrow is a 70% chance of Zardaz.
It's Rollerball out there.
And you're not a professional rollerballer.
You're one of the audience whose lives
we don't really get to see.
One day they will come out with a sequel to Rollerball
that's like a Rosencransey-Gildensterni
like, look at what it's like to be a Rollerball fan.
Nobody knows what you're fucking talking about.
I don't know about Rollerball.
And yet, Sober as a senator.
Sober as a Kavanaugh.
Okay, those are the apologies.
Corrections.
The BBC tweeted somebody.
I think they tweeted Cody.
No, not Big Black Cock.
The news.
It's a porn abrieve.
Yeah, yeah.
We were all thinking it.
Yeah, who among us heard BBC
and didn't think Big Black Cock?
Come on.
Yeah, we're all people.
Let's move on.
The posh is not an acronym.
That's another bullshit thing.
Everything you hear that you hear is an acronym.
It's all bullshit.
I should have known better.
Because it was British, I fell for it.
I perpetuated a thing.
Hopefully new friends, maybe if they come on the show.
But if they listen to last week's episode,
they probably won't come.
I think they're coming.
I think they emailed the ladies I was referring to
for the red-handed podcast.
So maybe they'll come, but then I thought,
they probably listened to.
Whoa!
But I heard from them,
and they speak with such dignified grace and poise,
that I just kind of swallowed it and repeated it,
that posh was an acronym for port out starboard home.
No, it's not.
It's a myth in the great kingdom.
And it's like, I remember my dad telling me
that fuck stood for for use of carnal knowledge.
Yeah.
It's the truth.
There's only two words that are actually acronyms.
It's laser and scuba.
Everything else is like everything else is an urban legend.
There's nothing.
Hey, did you know nothing's an acronym?
It stands for non-official thing.
Tactical harmony involving no.
That's what I like.
I like snafu and food bar, though.
Yeah, those are real.
Okay.
No, but those are also just acronyms and not words.
But that's what sucks about linguistics.
Like the unlike, I mean, obviously in history,
there's like conflicting theories and stuff,
but there's generally prevailing opinions.
But in linguistics is like,
well, the top five things that could be the words are these,
and they're all like, oh, it could be this guy's shoe fell off
and it became the word or it could be it used to be logos,
which meant this guy's shoe that fell off.
And it's just like really weird because they're all like treated as
like the real one, but it's like, well,
it's probably not even any of these.
I really, from what we really know of language,
what we know is that the, what would you call it,
the refraction, if that's, I don't know if that's what you'd call it,
like what is light going through glass?
Is that refraction?
Diffraction?
Diffraction, whatever the medium of time
as language moves forward,
it causes so much chaos in ratio to linear,
logical evolution of words.
Oh, did you know, I can't even riff an example,
I'll just confuse and embarrass,
but it just, the real stuff that we do know about,
it only serves to show you that the logic is not linear at all
in terms of how language develops.
I'll riff probably a really embarrassing example because it probably,
but just the idea that Bill is an abbreviation for William,
and every example that's not a guy's name,
like within our language, like how, you know,
well, yoke became joke, became toke, became bloke,
like it doesn't, there is no logic to it.
None of that is real, yoke never became joke,
there's no, I'm just, if you, but,
so that suggests that the things that we have theories about
are probably wrong, right?
Yeah, they're probably just the best stories that kept persisting.
Yeah.
There's a series, I think it's by, is it Earl Funk from Funkin' Waggles?
It is.
I don't know if I'm getting the name right if it's Earl or not.
There's four books, I think, that are about etymology of idioms.
Like why do we say, bury the hatchet,
why do we say break a leg, all these things,
and most of them are like, we don't,
the jury is still out on that one.
We think it's because of this,
but here's the first time it was ever used in print,
and I can't get enough of that,
because there's a big debate about why to break a leg.
Right.
And I love that, because we really don't know.
I grew up with people saying,
oh, it's the opposite of good luck,
because you're not supposed to be superstitious in the theater.
They say, they're saying have the opposite of a great show,
so you have a good show, but then you told me,
you break a leg when you bow,
so they're like, and you would bow if they were applauding at all.
It's saying make it to the end, like get to the bow.
Survive, be more interesting than the bear stabbing down the street.
Hard to beat to the point where you have to actually do something
at the end of your play.
Reading these books, because they're so old,
I think I used one like, you know, episode seven of Harmon 10,
where I said, porous Job's turkey.
Damn.
Job's turkey, you know that turkey was broke,
because Job lost everything.
If he had a turkey.
Job's most prized family members were fodder for a jealous god.
So, of course, his turkey probably was pretty stringy.
Yeah.
Pretty untended too.
And I think that Mr. Funk said that the first time in print is that
Job's turkey was so poor, it only had one leg,
no feathers, and had to lean against a fence to stand up.
That's a broke turkey.
Why is Mr. Funk explaining the actual, he's the idiom man.
He's the guy that writes the book that says,
why do we say horse feathers? Why do we say heavens to Betsy?
Right.
So he's just being colorful, imagining Job's turkey?
No, he's saying, here's the first evidence of this in print,
being porous Job's turkey, where he had no feathers,
one leg, and had to lean against a fence to stand up.
I'm sorry.
Who?
Job's turkey.
Funk is referring to the first printed use of the phrase,
porous Job's turkey, right?
Yes, correct.
So that person who used the phrase was explaining Job's turkey?
Yes.
He was saying, yeah.
He was letting you know that this is the first time
anyone's ever thought.
I know what he's doing.
Who the fuck is explaining what,
I would have assumed that the person that coined it
was just coining it as an idiom.
Right.
Not going, not writing an essay about how ill taken care of.
Now let me tell you about Job's boat.
Let's say, let's say,
This thing was small.
If you were reading a newspaper in 1745,
and somebody referred to somebody being porous Job's turkey.
Right.
You would have just let that pass by and that you,
okay, that sounds like a broke ass turkey.
I feel like we're having two different conversations here.
Yeah.
Who said, Job, who went into this lengthy description
of the turkey though?
A mystery person.
I think Earl Funk says that the first guy that ever used it
said porous Job's turkey, comma.
So when you, when you coin an idiom,
you have to actually show your math.
You have to, you have to be like,
This is this.
This is colder than a witch's tit, comma, semi-colon.
A very cold tit.
A witch tit.
The flesh being furthest from the body
of an already unaccommodating creature.
Equally unused, unused as witches are famously
a non-maternal.
You just keep, and then if it catches,
if your explanation is good,
the peer review in the New England Journal of Idioms goes like,
Earl Funk comes in.
Ah, colder than a witch's tit.
It scans.
I'll write it down.
You read Per Richard's Almanac.
He'll explain what I'm talking about.
Trust me, witches' tits, freezing.
I don't have to explain it.
Look it up.
It's in the book.
Do the medieval equivalent of Googling it.
You know cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey?
Oh yeah.
Freeze the balls off a brass monkey?
Yeah.
Spencer knows.
Oh, we all do.
But what, so you're saying that beyond that just being a clever way of saying it's cold,
like there's actually some logic to it?
Yeah.
Like a brass monkey is typically hot?
Oh yeah.
Super hot.
Because they're more conductive?
Because they're way more, no, they're just not kept cold enough to be frozen, the balls
off of.
No, it's brass.
Go for it, Jeff.
It's on a sailing ship where there's cannonballs and there's a rack that you keep the cannonballs
in.
In a pyramid.
And if it's cold enough, the balls, the cannonballs in the rack in a pyramid fashion
will expand and crack and fly all over the deck.
So it's so cold, it froze the balls off the brass monkey and for some reason.
Where's the monkey?
That's what it's the pyramid of balls.
The monkey is the rack of where they keep the cannonballs.
Oh, I didn't know that.
I didn't know that was cold.
No, I didn't.
But also, there is some debate about this.
We don't know if that's actually why we say that.
Right, because all linguist history is just made up.
Yeah.
It's weird.
I always assume, well what time is it?
Half past the monkey's ass quarter to his balls.
Like I always just assume that a lot of our language is just made up by kids who are like
finding out how to say stuff.
They're kind of like, there was a guy in MSNBC that was a linguist that was talking about
Donald Trump's use of language and he was like, yeah, it's a surprisingly juvenile
use of language for a senior citizen and that's sort of like part of his appeal to people
because it's like he talks the way, not only the way that we start talking when we're learning
to talk, but he also talks the way our species talked when it was learning to talk.
And before it learned to speak, speaking and talking being two different things, but him
being like a pioneer politician who's just like, kind of like, Duncan Trussell said something
terrifying at one point about Trump, which is like, I think he's just the first of a
new breed of like politicians who are going to be like your local town's carpet king,
you know?
Like you're not going to, the question is he doing a bit or not?
It's never going to matter anymore.
It's going to be like part of the job, part of the electability.
You won't be able to be elected by, you know, by having poise.
That would be a silly person's gambit when you can just stick out and then only a wise
person would make an ass of themselves while running for president and et cetera, et cetera.
It's sort of like, if you can forecast the way, I think that's a very optimistic prediction
because it sort of says that our country is going to be around long enough that like we're
going to keep having regular elections every four years of this.
We're Venezuela now.
But we're not Poland.
I don't want to bring people down, but I got to share the things that bring me down.
It's just such a fucking bummer.
This mayor in Poland is like doing a charity event and that dude jumped up on stage and
stabbed him to death on the stage.
And why am I bringing this up?
It's a comedy show.
There, but for the grace of God?
I don't know.
We saw there were swastikas burning in the street in Poland like a year ago.
Look, we're in a worldwide right slide.
America no longer has all three branches of government on the right.
How long it will last?
I don't know.
But all of this rhetoric, all of this shit, I believe truly that whereas traditionally
here to four, fascism's potting soil has been multicultural shifts and economic like
roller coasters.
That's when people get their cravings for authoritarianism start to get tempted.
And I think that plus Facebook is going to destroy the planet because we were really
not in economic bad shape.
But the arrival of the internet or rather the arrival of dumb people to the internet,
they kind of like they'd never seen the world before.
And the first thing they see is, oh my God, there's so much more brown skin or so much
more like opedy vagina or so much more than they were used to because their world is going
from everything they can see.
And trust me, as a guy who's left Twitter, I've become much more provincial and simplified.
It really happens pretty quickly.
I don't know nothing about nothing and I'm really happy about it.
So assuming it works in reverse as well is when our parents got on the internet, my
parents, Trump's generation, love you mom, love you dad, but Jesus Christ, the baby boomer
plus the internet, they reacted to it as if it was our fault that they were racist.
They were kind of like, where are all these black people doing on my phone?
And I think that happened all over the world.
I can't call the police on my phone.
In high school history class, you can trace the global rises of militarism, nationalism,
isolationism, economic depression and things that lead to both of the great world wars.
We didn't have that and yet we're repeating that blueprint without the parts that actually
caused it.
It's like we invented a weird invisible plexiglass ramp to antisemitism and scapegoating immigrants
and all these things that traditionally happen because your country has gotten to a point
where it's using your currency as a doorstop or toilet paper and is using like bottle caps
for money.
And we never got there.
There was a housing crisis and a global economic crisis and all this stuff, but we didn't.
We had YouTube autoplay.
It really is.
It's the internet's fault, God darn it.
That's my point.
No, it's the algorithms they like.
They want clicks and Nazis click, unfortunately, and so it's like, yeah, you know what sells
making people Nazis on accident.
So this Polish mayor, 53 years old, a mayor like myself, he was a liberal.
He was outspoken.
He loved his gay rights.
He was Polish.
It's not a great time to be liberal.
I think Jeff's going to stab you, Dan.
That's not funny.
That really happened.
He was doing this charity event and a crazy guy that, of course, they're calling a lone
wolf and he's crazy.
He's crazy.
Yes, I agree.
What are you saying?
I'm going to cut you.
This isn't the funny portion of the show.
I'm doing my Springer's first thoughts.
Springer's opening arguments.
I have no solutions and I have no appeal.
I would die for my freedom of speech.
I would die for other people's freedom of expression.
I do not believe that laws need to be created to mitigate the way people speak.
I believe that free speech, have we noticed, has consequences anyway.
Let's talk about that weatherman that got fired for accidentally making the sound coon
while he was saying Martin Luther King's name.
Let's just talk about that in a second.
We love firing people.
But unless you're a Nazi.
We're in trouble if we continue to ostracize each other and divide each other based on
language.
We're basically handing the opposite of Kryptonite to the more nihilistic, more sociopathic of
two sides of a political spectrum.
The party that this poor mayor was the most outspoken against in his right-leaning Poland,
they had issued death certificates for liberal politicians.
He was very outspoken about that in particular.
Can you imagine the irony?
Can you imagine this guy's final thoughts as he's being stabbed in the fucking heart
in front of his constituency and all the cell phones are just out?
The pictures are so disturbing and confusing.
The guy was the most outspoken about the rhetoric and how violent it was getting and how disgusting.
These people who have nothing to lose and only the mentally ill to play with, they have
nothing to lose and everything to gain from triggering a fucking psychopath.
By the way, one in 100 people is so out of their gourd.
God bless you.
Probably a disproportionate number of them in my listenership.
We love you. Welcome. If you're psychotic, you're not automatically a murderer.
But one in 100 people is vulnerable to fucking messaging.
We just got this weird ability to all talk to each other all the time about whatever we want.
The politicians have arrived in that arena and the thugs among them are going like,
yes, someone should kill that bitch. Well, if that bitch then gets killed, we're going to keep having this conversation.
This isn't clearly about gun control.
The guy crawled up on a stage with a knife.
The government was trying to say it wasn't political.
We didn't understand his motivation.
He literally waved the knife around and said, I did this because this guy's political party locked me up.
He was a mentally ill guy who had his mentally ill life that was in and out of prison and stuff.
He decided to blame this political party that was also being told to die by the opposition who were issuing
hilarious death certificates for liberal politicians.
Our now deceased mayor of this Polish town was among the few who was going,
guys, he went to his government and said, you should look at this as incitement of violence in a very dangerous time.
And the government said to him, no, it's freedom of expression.
It's a way of saying you disagree with someone politically to say they should die.
And then he died.
He was stabbed in front of everyone.
So I am never going to let anybody tell me what to say.
But what the fuck, man, we get fired for saying the wrong shit.
And we're extending that to everyone but politicians.
The only thing I wanted to say about that weatherman guy, by the way, I'm sure you've read that story.
If I've read it, you've read it.
But there was this weatherman.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
He was speeding through.
I actually didn't watch the clip.
I'm inclined to take his word for it because I don't believe.
Because you talk on microphones.
Yeah, I mean, I just don't believe that the way you find out someone's racist is like a sound coming out of their mouth.
I really don't.
I mean, that's different from saying like a speech on the corner where you reveal like,
I think that if your skin is this color, you're a worse person than this person.
I just don't.
I think it's a dangerous way of thinking.
But also, it's not like somebody led that pack.
It's sort of like, this is what we make people vulnerable to.
I put the blame on corporations.
Media corporations need to stop firing people within eight hours of Twitter trending them.
It has to stop.
Right.
That's what Gamergate did.
I'm sure it's regrettable within 16 hours.
I almost got fired.
I mean, if I had gotten fired, Rick and Morty would have been over.
It was like, we went from, yay, 70 episodes to like, I had to spend three months wondering whether there was ever going to be a show again.
Because in 2009, I humped a doll in a video that somebody called a number at Turner because they associated it with a blog entry they saw about someone else anonymously.
And I was being investigated for fucking child sex trafficking because AT&T didn't want to take any chances.
Like, we have to, I'm not personalizing this, or if I did, it would sound a lot like that.
But I'm saying, I'm having this experience and I'm not accidentally saying anything.
I accidentally humped a doll in 2009.
Probably not a great idea.
It doesn't seem too funny these days.
But like, the parallel universe that almost got created because I did that 10 years ago is pretty extreme stuff.
And it's not the Nazis that have a right within our country to operate within the dark bowels for no money and try to make people mad and racist at each other.
They're pretty underfunded and pretty hard to, they don't show up to a lot of meetings after a while.
Like, it left to their own devices, they are not the threat.
I believe that when their antagonism meets, it has its handshaken by timid, cowardly, weird, reactive, scary insurance companies and corporations.
That's when we're in trouble.
Somebody's got to realize that this new world means a new policy is necessary and that all of us, like, Andy Warhol's wrong now.
Like, we're all not going to be famous for 15 minutes, we're all in constant rotation, going to get fucking crop dusted with viral parasites.
Like, we're all going to, every once in a while, find ourselves in the midst of a crazy and tropic, weird social phenomenon.
And corporations owe it to us to not base whether they, we show up to work the following morning on that.
Well, the only thing I want to say about that is, now, assuming that, assuming that, forget it for a second, whether or not that guy is more or less racist than any weatherman.
I was on a challenge. Say it again.
Okay, sorry, sorry. The guy was saying something, I don't know, he's doing his weather report and he must have been, he was trying to say Martin Luther King, Jr.
Or is there was an event that was going to be at Martin Luther King, Jr. Park?
And I think he said something like, Martin Luther Coon, King, Jr. or something like that.
He stumbled and it sounded like the word Coon in the midst of civil rights leader that was, yeah, it's really not ideal.
And they didn't catch it or do anything about it at the time and it went viral and then he got fired.
And last couple days, I've been seeing within the news cycle, he's that lower left kind of story where he continued, oh, Al Roker says he believes this guy or whatever.
It's as ridiculous as it should be, the situation when we're talking about something so silly and the only thing that I wanted to say about it,
because I'm sure everyone's capable of having their own conversation about it and I'm not going to add anything to it, except this.
Assuming he is no more or less racist than any other weatherman, assuming that you can tell whether he is or isn't by sound eruptions that come out of his mouth.
I only asked this question, this is not a political or philosophical stance I'm taking.
I just thought of this and it was like, you know, I think I might be right about this, I want to check.
Isn't weatherman the only job you could do capably while racist?
Like, if you gave me the ability to eliminate racism from any field and it had like 10 charges in it, I would get to food service way before,
I tried running on my list, I was like, carpentry, no, no, I don't want a racist making my chairs.
I just feel like it's probably like the one thing you could do without hurting anybody and be totally racist.
Hey, who is that guy with the swastika on his face in the cafeteria? He's not touching my food, is he? No, he's the weatherman, okay.
He can't control the weather, can he? No, no, that would be, then make sure let's police that field for racism if you can make it rain on certain neighborhoods.
You're saying, we're finding out that you're soft on racist weathermen.
I am either incredibly disrespectful towards meteorology, or I am biased about the idea that the first people that are getting fired
happen to be the people who have to talk into microphones every day for, it's like, okay, come on. It would be kind of fun if Channel 5 and KTLA in Los Angeles had just racist weathermen.
He gave you the weather and he was really good at it.
This is an experiment, just to see if it hurts anybody.
He also just slipped in some just full-on racism during it.
Yeah, I don't know. You could try different things each week. Here's our misogynist weatherman, like, oh, there's a cold front coming in, not as cold as women can be toward me.
I deserve sex, but lower socal deserves this cold front coming in, and we'll be back with sports with our Scientologists. Let's see what hurts.
Just for fun, and this is a comedy, but do racist weathermen.
I just did enough frenemy.
Do a weatherman who hates Turks.
Why? To what end?
For comedy, and for memes, and for you to get fired.
My quote-unquote joke was, isn't weatherman the one occupation that you could do while being racist? I did not get the laugh I expected.
I was just working out new material.
The laugh I thought I might get would be like a creeping one where everyone thought about it like I had.
Actually, if you ranked every job in the entire planet, and you had to put your most racist person on your island community, if you had to put him in one place,
Weatherman seems like the safest place, and that's if the guy's racist.
But is he a great weatherman?
Oh, he's the best.
Oh, thank God.
Even watch the clip. I'm sure he's just a guy that, I mean, well, now we know he's a guy whose life is probably ruined.
I'm sure there's a lot of people listening for very good reasons who are going boo-hoo, smallest violin playing for that guy when blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So I'm not like, oh my God, the world's going to go to hell because you fired a fucking white weatherman.
I don't want to bat for that team, but I am once again, as I will continue to do, I am saying as a fellow leftist barbarian,
man, we got to get our tribes together because the only people that don't follow this fucking weirdly stringent book of rules are the people that are the most hateful in their hearts,
all hearts, the people who actually want to tear us asunder and trample us and remove us, they often know exactly which words not to say.
Case not in point, our president, but it's like look at the passes you get if you bat for the other team and like can we just, boy, why?
That's why I'm saying corporations help us out because people can't, if I retweet somebody saying something embarrassing on the news,
we can't legislate that, it's not my fault that that person gets fired.
Even if I see it out of context and I'm like hashtag fire that fucker, I should be able to do that.
If you can buy a gun in our society and not be a part of the problem, then you should be able to lose yourself in a crazy viral uproar and adamantly say,
fuck this racist fucker, he should be stripped of all of his rights and paraded into the ocean on Twitter as a private citizen,
and then six hours later be like, Jesus Christ, he's a human being, what the fuck, I was drunk, and not find out that you were part of getting him fired.
And the only way to change that is if the actual fire, firing people, the dragons with the fucking fire breath, they've got to change.
And I don't know, so I don't know, I don't want to do.
Okay, our next segment is called, nope, just racist weatherman.
Okay, a few more thoughts about that.
Racist weatherman.
So God bless you Polish mayor.
Add a demo which, okay, Pavel Pavel a demo which I think that was his name.
I think there was a British MP named Joe Cox or someone who also got murdered in a similar situation where someone one of her political opponents was like,
ah, yeah, someone should kill this person or she's she's so dangerous that someone should stop her or something and then someone like shot her with an improvised gun or something and she died.
It's no good bullies man.
It's like it's the thing.
It's like we got to we got to stand up against bullies.
Like if the person that you're challenging, hurting, whatever, like just run it through the witness test of am I doing anything risky?
Am I risking anything?
And is this other person like so much more powerful than me that I can't hurt them by by doing this and like run it run it through that test.
Like because we need to all be united against the people that punched down and that can actually hurt us because it could get bad so fast.
Like these are our cousins abroad.
These are the societies that are going through the same shit for whatever creepy reason.
I blame Facebook.
Everyone's like, well, it is Facebook.
This is an issue and they're everyone's everyone's in these right slants.
So like God, please let us let us emerge as the weirdly ironic like sensible one in this thing and lead everyone to back to regular ass gridlocked bureaucracy where I was so comfortable.
I just want to die in peace.
I don't want to I don't want to die screaming in fear.
I don't want to die by racist.
Yeah, man.
Actually, that's better than colon cancer though, right?
I just it maybe if I could if you could pick your age you could go like, well, when was I going to die of colon cancer?
67 you get a bad colon.
Okay.
Can you can you I'll pay you a million dollars to make me colon cancer free until 67 and I will agree to be killed by racist.
Well, I mean, yeah, that sounds great.
Like, yeah, especially if you could be in the you could be like, okay, so now I'm going to since I'm going to get killed by racist.
I'm going to I'm going to speak my mind at this rally and like, okay, send them up.
And then like you you you set a price that you're willing to pay and then other people can like try and outbid you for that death.
Right.
Because your death won't go viral after a while.
It'll be like the new colon cancer is being an upstanding person.
It'll enter an arms race of being like profound people with integrity.
Irish elections.
Yeah.
It's a new segment about Irish elections.
I feel bad for the people that listen to this show and Radio Lab because they're like all he does is repeat everything from Radio Lab.
Apparently the Irish.
Let me know what you think about this system, Jeff.
All right.
The Irish have this ranked voting system.
Oh, yeah, we use that in Maine.
Yeah, we're starting to experiment with it in local communities.
Yeah, that will like a leftist like person or something one in America and a race because we use that the last midterm.
Yeah, of not one person, one vote, but you rank your top five choices in order from one to five.
Now you're already going too complicated.
It'll never work.
It has to be simple.
You're allowed to just mark one person.
Number one.
Burning Sanders.
You can do the same thing you've been doing.
Number two, Hillary Clinton.
But in this version, everyone goes one through five.
So they count the number ones first.
And then they start eliminating from the bottom of the number ones.
Joe Biden.
So everyone that had a number of everyone who everyone who voted for Bernie Sanders.
What is the bit?
No, I'm trying to help explain every everyone who everyone who's number one candidate gets eliminated in the beginning of the counting process.
Their number two choice goes back into the pool and starts getting counted as if it's another ballot.
Right.
If you voted, so there's no like nader complex thing there where people are blaming each other.
And there's no disenfranchisement of voting because your conscience as a voter is being reflected as a kind of like more modern kind of hash array of tastes and choices.
So it's like a bell curve of like, oh, there was more twos and three choices than there were number one.
In the event of a huge division among people of splintering, then what's going to come to the rise to the top is everyone's second or third choice, which means that you can't.
It de-incentivizes the idea of shutting people out.
And which which really is a, in my opinion, that's like a great cure for for the virus of fascism because it really you can't run on the ticket of, come on, everyone wants to say it.
But no one's saying it, even though 30% of us are the ones saying it, everyone else is so fucked right now.
If we all 30% of us are getting real fucking loud and scary will outnumber everyone else because they're so splintered and arguing with each other.
That would never happen because not only do candidates need to consider how how they're perceived by the people that won't vote for them, because you want that edge of being a people's second choice at least.
It's going to change the behavior of campaigns and candidates really fast.
Only an idiot would be so rhetorically exclusive that they would be making this huge gamble, an appropriate gamble.
You'd have to really believe in white nationalism, for instance, if you really like refused to bend a little bit about it rhetorically during your campaign, because you would be betting that if everyone made me their last fucking choice except for 30% of the people who made me their number one,
I'll still win because you know what, no, there's no leadership here.
That's a good that's an appropriate proportionately a gamble for you to make as a candidate.
And it just it just causes this like, it's like a nice little Nyquil on your election.
So Ireland does this already and Maine is also doing it.
They're doing it for, I think, Senate races or congressional races in Maine, but yeah, Ireland everywhere.
There was an election nerd on this radio lab who was saying like, you know, the way the Irish look at the American electoral system is they look at it like an IBM laptop from the 90s.
Like, you guys got your democracy in the 1700s and it was like, it's it's this symbol of how everything was going to end up being and it's the most and it's the thing that everyone covets and and and it's so powerful and so amazing.
But from back then and has and is now in danger of becoming absolutely symbolic of clunkiness and oppression and disenfranchisement like not it's got viruses and bugs and worms because.
Oh, it was so perfect in some state of the art that it's not changing as fast with the Irish.
They got their democracy in the 1920s.
So they were like, I don't know.
Fuck like can't really fuck fuck this up.
Right. Let's try some different shit.
Sorry, Irish friends.
That was a horrible accent.
Also, the sentiment was awful too.
But but no, but they're they're lean and mean and they didn't they didn't they they they're like, OK, let's how do we do this right.
And they came up this kind of weird Channel 101 voting system where you like your your ballot is five choices.
The more I think about it, the more the more sense it actually makes the problem with our system, right?
The problem with our system is that it's counterintuitive because what you think you're doing is voting for the person you want.
But because of the election dynamics, you're actually just voting against the person that you don't want.
So you vote for Hillary Clinton because you don't want Donald Trump to win.
But a vote for Hillary Clinton doesn't make her win.
It actually just prevents Donald Trump from winning.
So you're you're only voting against your least preferred candidate.
But in ranked choice voted voting, you actually are voting for your favorite person and then your next favorite person.
You're never voting against someone or you can you put them as the last rank.
So you would put Donald Trump as like seven.
If there's a hundred people on an island and 30 of them want Elizabeth Warren and 30 of them want Hillary Clinton and 20 of them want Bernie Sanders,
like Donald Trump shouldn't win.
Right.
We don't know who will win on the other side, but it's like it should be a no brainer.
But like this one person one vote thing.
It's counterintuitive disenfranchisement.
It creates nihilism.
It creates like this idea of like, why am I going to go to the polls?
I'm not going to get counted anyway.
Holy shit.
Everybody gets counted in like a really weird way when you do this voting system.
Like you're you're no matter how outside the fucking game you are.
Representative Lee, like you you're you're you're you can watch this thing like a horse race and you're like, that's mine.
That's that's because I picked her for third.
You're you're you're invested the whole time.
I think you feel represented.
We're never going to change anything.
We're going to go down fucking maybe not in flames.
Maybe we'll go down like singing a song or something.
I don't know.
It's weird.
I said we're going to go down dot dot dot and you were like in flames.
No, I don't know.
It's like you're having trouble in flames.
That's it.
How are we going to go down?
I did like I've talked too many politics, but I did as an exercise today.
I was a weird.
I can't I can't zoom in on these things.
What are you trying to zoom in on a screen grabs that I took because I was like my experiment today was I was like.
I'm feeling so satisfied right now.
I'm like not as phobic Poland not withstanding the world.
I'm still scared about the world, but I'm I'm feeling comfortable right now.
I'm reading the news on the toilet because I like it when Trump's in a bad mood.
It's funny and like it makes me feel comfortable.
I like an embattled like like government who's like, you know, where everything's in gridlock and stuff.
And like it makes me feel comfortable.
It makes me feel like maybe I'll live to see my 60s and like when things are like impossible to happen.
And the worst among us are so frustrated by that that our true colors come out and actually people judge them for it.
So I'm in a good mood lately about politics domestically.
But it also then made me go, why are you such an elitist snob?
Like, like, what do you like?
Like, like now that you feel comfortable, why don't you think about other people?
It was like, like we're learning a lot about narcissism and stuff from like studying the president.
And I'm seeing a lot of myself in him and like trying to use it as like teachable moments.
And I'm like, you know, that's that's a lot like me, the way he's reacting to that or or I'm better than that because of this.
And like, maybe I can be even better than that by not judging it.
And I was like, I became determined today to find like inspiring Donald Trump quotes.
That's that's thirsty work.
I was like, I was like, I was like, now that there's not this like kind of rabid fear, this echo chamber, you kind of like, he's the worst and I refuse to accept that he's not the worst.
Like, it was just enough that I was like, what if I recreationally, what if I was like, I stepped into the shoes of a fan and I want to find him saying some cool stuff.
What if my only modifier was the word very, but I can't I can't.
I didn't I didn't anticipate this.
Oh, okay, double click it.
It was a very funny joke by a very funny guy.
I'm the very funniest.
So I literally googled like, Trump smart quotes.
Okay.
No, good.
No, I'm in.
If the word varies in there, I get $100.
It was funny.
The first thing that came up was that like, like there's a couple of funny things happen is here's a quote.
It is a real honor and privilege to endorse Mitt Romney.
Mitt is tough.
He's smart.
He's sharp.
He allows bad things to continue to happen to this country we all love.
That's the first that's the first one at the top of the thing.
I'm like, that's not really very smart.
He loves himself some Mitt Romney.
And then the second quote was, but I have to say probably when I'm about 30, I'll be pretty not settled, but happy with what I've accomplished so far.
I'm happy where I am now.
That's an Amy smart quote.
So I already that's how few smart quotes Donald Trump has.
I Googled Trump smart quotes, got one quote from Trump about Mitt Romney that didn't involve dyslexia.
And then the second thing down was someone named smart saying something.
He's good fun though.
But I did, I did find some stuff where I was like, you know, do you want to play a game?
It's like, I love games.
I'm going to play a game called, did I did I save this quote, because I thought it was dumb, gross, or reminded me too much of myself.
I think those are the three categories.
Trump quotes.
Dumb, gross, or too close to home for me.
Spencer and I, does the audience get to guess on these or?
Let's not give the audience any power.
Yeah, I like this.
Power not to the people.
We don't want to tell them, hey, so you either need to shout out dumb, gross, or this long sentence.
That's good.
Even they're not going to like that.
Dumb, gross, or.
Dumb, gross, or too close to home.
Too close to home.
Meaning, meaning I saved it because I'm like, you know what, be honest, Harmon, this sounds like something you'd say.
That's why you don't like it.
So dumb, gross, or Harmon.
Yeah, dumb, gross, or Harmon.
Here's our new segment, dumb, gross, or Harmon.
Dumb, gross, or Harmon.
Okay, wait.
Can you start it over?
Dumb, gross, or Harmon.
That seemed like it was just in the middle of the, can you start it?
That's definitely the middle.
You don't want me to succeed because you get paid to make up songs on the road, so you're afraid.
They're going to hire Dan, they're going to scoop Jeff.
You're afraid Drew Carey is going to take me to Florida.
Dumb, gross, or Harmon.
These are things our president said.
All right, that's enough.
So these are Donald Trump quotes, and we have to judge whether they're dumb, gross, or Harmon.
Okay, yeah.
I don't make deals for the money.
I've got enough, much more than I'll ever need.
I do it to do it.
Harmon.
Yeah, Harmon.
Now, gross.
Darn.
Because I do things for the money.
You get to vote too?
What?
You get to vote as well?
Well, yeah, I'm going to tell you why.
I have the answer.
You don't get to decide.
Well, what if we outvote you?
It's your opinion.
You can tell me your opinion, but it won't be my opinion.
Majority rules.
What if we all say that sounds like a Harmon?
Well, then you guys are assholes.
No, you guys can make your own decision.
By applause, who votes dumb on that one?
Who votes gross.
This just wants to hurt you.
Who votes Harmon?
Okay, so that's a Harmon quote.
I don't think this is how the game works.
It is now.
That's fair.
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.
Real excitement is playing the game.
Gross.
Yeah, I also thought that was gross.
Here's a quote.
I make money because I have to pay for everything apart from my school fees.
My mother even makes me pay my own telephone bill.
What?
That's an Ivana Trump quote.
From when?
The past?
As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Dumb.
Yeah.
Without passion, you don't have energy.
Without energy, you have nothing.
Dumb.
A little more moderation would be good.
Of course, my life hasn't exactly been one of moderation.
Harmon.
Oh.
Also, the Harmon category can also be kind of like, you know, if he only said this stuff,
he might be my guy.
Because for better or for worse, I'd be like, because it would be minus the, well, I'm
not going to give you a key to solve the riddle.
This is one that I truly just don't understand.
This one I just screen grabbed because it was like, first of all, what the, the first
thing the secretary types is the boss.
Hell yeah.
That's fucking badass.
And I screen grabbed it because it's from this.
That's an alpha male.
It's from this website where you get quotes and they're like tag clouded.
The tags for this quote are boss, first, secretary, thing, types.
Fair.
Yeah.
Sometimes you're looking for a quote.
The first thing the secretary types is the boss.
What does that mean?
The boss said, give me a taco bowl.
Like the boss said.
So if I type you, I'm getting your taco bowl or what?
The secretary takes notes of what you're saying.
Like by saying, like, oh, the boss is saying this.
Maybe the boss, the boss, the boss, the boss, the boss.
He starts everything.
Oh, the boss, really?
The secretary is taking notes of the conversation.
The first thing the secretary takes is the boss.
I don't know.
I'm going to go harming with that.
Oh, oh, oh, wait.
No.
Maybe what that means is the first thing the secretary types
is the thing that decides the policy at the office or whatever.
It's the first thing that he dictates to he or she and says,
the boss wants this.
The boss says that.
But isn't there kind of like behind every great boss?
Isn't that sort of like giving like, isn't that sort of like.
That's right.
The secretary's really running the show?
Or am I, I don't know why you would say the first thing.
I get that interpretation.
It almost seems like it's just like badly improvised porn dialogue.
Oh, for sure.
Like, oh, she came in and she typed me, if you know what I mean.
I don't know what you mean.
There's nothing even remotely phallic about typing.
Like my dick's like a key.
Yeah, it's the kind of thing an idiot would say.
I have an attention span that's as long as it has to be.
I like that one.
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace.
Good people don't go into government.
Dumb.
Dumb and gross, but also, I agree.
I'm the earnest Hemingway of 140 characters.
Harmon.
That's a fucking.
I also saved that one.
It's probably, this joke's in poor taste,
but the first thing I thought when I read that,
I was like, well, let's hope that metaphor follows through.
Hey, oh.
Here's one that's interesting.
Some of these I just grabbed because I'm interesting,
because I'm interesting.
Harmon.
I'm like very, very interesting.
I'm like the most interesting.
No, apparently he said at one point, who knows when,
if I don't get along with Democrats, I'm sort of like out of business.
Where's that guy?
That sounds presidential.
That's neither dumb, gross, or Harmon.
I know.
That sounds like a president, doesn't it?
Sounds like a grassroots, like working class, like actual.
Yes.
It sounds like Calvin Coolidge.
Like Harry Truman, like desegregating the army.
Why?
Because he was so woke?
No, because it saves money.
All paths lead to Rome.
Like that grassroots fucking Midwest capitalist,
like let's stop hating each other because we can make more money.
Now you're making it gross.
Well, gross away.
I mean, that's part of Harmon and part of him.
And it's like, I just spent today looking through these numbers.
What about the him that might have existed if someone hadn't come to him
and shown him Cambridge Analytica figures that said,
you know, if you wear a fucking figurative turquoise belt buckle out there
and start getting a little like fucking like a race baby,
like that's going to take you up 10% in this district.
Like, because obviously what we know about the guy is that he says,
all he wants is to be liked.
I mean, it wasn't, I don't even, I think he's as racist as everybody his age.
And probably like, and that's really racist because racism doesn't age well.
It doesn't even, it's not even cool when it's freshly born.
But it's like, it really gets its ugliest right before you shake your cane into the tomb.
And say la vie, that's why we don't tend to listen to old people's opinions
about whether or not you should marry somebody or what you should do at your wedding.
And like, it's like, I think that the guy is just like, he was a Democrat
and then he was an independent and then he was a Republican
and he's just like, just want to win and like somebody was like, you know,
you should be racist and he's like, that's easy.
Just trying to be on his side, that's as best I can do.
What my father gave me more than anything else is great tutoring and a great brain, frankly.
You know, my father's brother was a top person at MIT, went to MIT,
graduated from MIT, was a teacher at MIT, a professor at MIT, a great engineer.
I mean, you know, I have very good genes.
That was his father's brother.
Yeah.
I'm going to go harm another one.
No, just dumb, dumb, absolutely dumb.
Like, you just told me your uncle's smart and that you have good genes.
Like, you go to MIT.
He went to MIT.
Trump has the intellectual wattage of half a saltine cracker.
That's dumb with a big whipped cream of gross on top
and underneath that he's revealing that he truly thinks that where you get into school is actually the
it's the it's the ribbon that the pig gets at the state fair.
It's like it's a it's a it's a ribbon for genetics.
Really actually dangerously gross without even knowing it.
People people assume I'm a boiler ready to explode,
but I actually have very low blood pressure, which is shocking to people.
Wait, that's Stephen Tyler.
Well, I was I picked Alex as I was actually that's so me.
That sounds like an aerospace lyric.
That seems like something I'd be like bragging about.
Everybody thinks I throw tantrums.
You haven't seen me throw tantrum.
You know, the crazy thing is I'm fucking too low key.
I'm too low key.
Read that one.
Read that one again for me because that's like a rock and roll lyric.
People assume I'm a boiler ready to explode,
but I actually have very low blood pressure, which is shocking to people.
Easy, easy.
I mean, that's a that's a that's a version of me that I really don't like about myself.
I kind of like my version of that is like,
like I don't I don't I'm more shocking to me because I actually
it's it's like the worst AC DC song.
I'm like a boiler.
People assume I'm a boiler ready to explode, but I'm not.
I don't eat enough salt.
No, but I kind of my pre therapy self like really prides himself on like,
you know, I'm very comfortable.
Like I'm a very like, like I had to recognize through therapy that a thing that I was doing to people that I like,
then I was like, if I've perceived myself as being in a conflict with somebody or if I've perceived someone as a threat to me or something like,
like I kind of like had this pride in the fact that I, yeah, but I can withstand like,
I can see the only way I characterize it is like an airlock like I'll step you over to where I know there's like noxious gases like coming out that are just like enough to make you turn green.
But I've breathed them my whole life.
Like I'm kind of like, what's wrong?
You look like you're uncomfortable.
You know, like I was really proud of that.
Like, like for a while, I thought that made me Wolverine.
And I don't like that guy anymore.
And that's that's that I think that's really what's behind that.
He's like, yeah, he got everybody thinks I'm like a big maniac.
But the truth is I'm fucking cool as a cucumber.
And that's my secret.
Like everybody else is like, let's get to him.
It's like, no, you're everyone is letting you get to them.
You're cool as a cucumber because you're always a baby that's throwing its own shit.
Like you have, of course, you're not upset about it.
Like you're already upset about your fucking pudding that you didn't get so many people are on television that don't know me and they're like experts on me.
That's me is bitching about.
I wouldn't mind a little bow in Japan.
They bow.
I love it.
Only thing I love about Japan.
Harmon.
That's so mean.
Like I would and I would think like, man, I can't wait for the Japanese to hear that podcast because you don't like travel that much.
You don't like Paris.
You don't like Rome.
You don't like.
Yeah, and I would think like, you know, I got that like, like that Dan explaining thing.
I'm like, here's the thing about like the Japanese will love this observation.
Like, I love the bowing.
It's the only thing I like, you know, and then I would, I would be like, why are they mad?
Jimmy Carter used to walk off the airplane carrying his own luggage.
Do you remember that?
I don't want my president carrying.
I want the freaking Marines to be carrying his luggage and they want to carry his luggage.
Harmon.
No.
Dumb and gross, dumb and gross.
That's you, like when you travel and you fly now, you hate the airline.
You keep calling the Marines to carry your luggage.
I want to be treated like a human being.
That's dumb and gross.
That's what do you mean?
You like Jimmy Carter less because he carried his own luggage?
Dumb and gross.
Like what do you mean?
That's fucking awesome.
If John Wayne carried his own luggage and was president, you'd be sucking his dick.
Fuck you.
Like this idea that Jimmy Carter is a pariah because he like, fuck it.
It's just like, like, wait, I'm now learning from you that he carried his own luggage.
Can I go back and vote for him when I'm 10?
Poor fucking guy.
All I knew about him was that he was a peanut farmer.
Everyone just decided like to just rail on this guy.
I bet he was the best president ever.
Experience taught me a few things.
One is to listen to your gut no matter how good something sounds in paper.
The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know.
And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Dumb.
Yeah, dumb.
Like what does that even mean?
And that's probably...
It means nothing.
He talks in circles.
It means that he bankrupted the business.
I think I was born with the drive for success because I have a certain gene.
Dumb, gross, and harm.
Nah, come on.
Racist.
Where do you put it?
Yeah, no, so gross.
That's fucking like you're a Nazi.
Like what do you mean?
That's a fundamental...
Now, in his defense, the guy, yeah, he's talking nonstop.
So who knows when he said that?
Yeah, exactly.
But his dad is in the KKK.
The people that like him because he represents the idea that, oh, gone are the days when
poise is what makes the difference.
A certain demographic has come to connect the dots of poise and diplomacy with the dots
of elitism and your boxed out of the system because you're a grody person.
So he's like a fire hose of garbage and people are like, oh, that means I don't have to be
ashamed of myself.
Shame's a hell of a fucking thing to overcome.
Like, I bet it feels really good.
Must be nice.
Wish I could be a fucking idiot that all of a sudden wakes up one day, reads a fucking
article, and decides they're proud of themselves.
Jesus Christ, where do I buy that fucking drug?
Yeah.
I mean, it's $26 a bottle.
Oh, yeah.
But my doctor is awful.
This is overprescribes regularly.
So is our friend here?
Jesse, are you here?
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Jesse camp everybody's got a packet.
It comes very good.
Oh, yeah.
It's a baby George.
Yeah, there you go.
Wait, what?
You want to pop that?
The baby George.
It's bigger than the normal George form and grill.
We have a baby George.
We got a baby George.
It's the champion of rotisseries.
Thank you, Jesse.
Thanks.
Absolutely.
Jesse camp everybody.
Well, you're quiet as a church mouse back there.
I don't know why we keep being surprised.
It's like, wait, you were here the whole time?
No, no, I think he just showed up.
Oh, really?
But still.
No, no, no.
Like, no, yeah, that is true.
But I didn't want to come empty handed.
And I, you know, the baby George kind of came into my
acquisition through some funny means.
Yeah.
I was actually collecting a gambling debt for Jeff.
So Jeff sends people to collect his debts.
No, no, no.
Jeff takes a lot of bets.
Yeah.
He's big news, man.
When he's flying out of town for a who's line, is it
anyway gig?
That's code for you.
He's taking care of some Gambino's in Jersey.
Oh, yeah.
It's true.
And with NFL as hot as it is right now, you know, a lot of
debt.
Jesse.
Jesse, do me a favor.
Fashion corner.
Yes.
Walk me through your outfit right now.
Let's talk.
First off, I do just want to say Dan is an honor to you
always, you know, get to see you and and Jeff as well.
And of course the game.
Master.
Spencer.
Yeah.
There you go.
You got it.
I didn't even help you.
No, no, no, no.
But guys, that being said, I'll zip it in the fashion corner.
Yeah.
Walk us from front.
You can start from top to bottom or bottom to top.
I know I want you to tell me the methodology of your
outfit.
Oh, yes.
The methodology to it.
It's heavy on the allergy.
Not too much on the other.
But I'll tell you what, I start with cowboy boots.
I am a ten and a half and the drapes match the curtains.
You know what I mean?
The trace match.
Yeah.
If you're ever curious about someone's weiner schnitzel
size, all you have to do is like look at like what their
shoe size is.
Okay, Michael J. Fox, seven and a half.
We know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
I mean, minute bowl.
Hello.
Well, as a person that's shorter than you and has bigger feet
than you, I beg to differ.
Oh, no.
Don't worry about it, Dan.
What's your shoe size?
Come on.
Hit him with the shoe size.
I'm 11 and a half.
He's 11 and a half.
11 and a half.
And my penis is 11 and a half.
That just means it's going to grow later in life.
Like the baby.
Don't think that that way you have now is your final
penis size.
Oh, no.
Everyone knows that the penis just grows older.
If you go to a nursing home, there are a lot of long John
Silvers in the place, you know, I think you're mistaken.
Yeah.
Well, your balls start to hang down to your ankles.
Yes.
That awaits all of us.
You need to buy a second pair of socks for the balls.
But yeah, I mean, you know, we're for, you know, your hands
if they're made.
You have bigger feet than Jesse, but he's bragging about
a giant penis.
No, I wasn't 10 and a half.
I'm a moderately average, average penis.
That's just average.
If you went by my shoe size.
Yeah, exactly.
Which is the way to go.
Definitely.
I mean, Jeff, you everyone know is a my dick is shaped
exactly like a candy cane ampersand or an ampersand.
That is one not in the vocab banks.
Spencer's are shaped like one of those Dungeons and Dragons
ampersands.
It's like a dragon.
Oh, yeah.
Dragon head.
I gotta, I gotta say this.
All the ladies after a night with Spencer say, damn, thank you
for Spencer's gifts.
Oh, damn.
All of the ladies.
That was, yeah.
There were multiple.
Yeah.
All right.
So now that's not zero.
Let's talk about your trousers now.
What do you got?
You got some stretchy, stretchy tights going up.
Oh, wow.
Well, it is rainy season here in LA.
And so, you don't need to delve under the car hood, but I
have three pairs of leggings, jaggings, if you will.
And then the armor, these are a pair of Massimo supply
company.
Yo, but they're women's jeans.
I will admit, but I'll tell you guys this.
I'm a very tall man.
So I always wear cowboy boots because then, you know, you can
always, it doesn't matter if your pants are too short, you
know, that's your secret.
And like Stevie Nicks, I wear my boots all summer long.
Now, is there a fanny pack happening?
What do you got?
No fanny pack tonight.
By the way, guys, to be honest, the reason I was a little
late tonight is because I went to the Szechuan fax
machine theater.
What?
This is the dynasty typewriter.
Oh, yeah.
Across town.
There's a Szechuan fax machine.
All right.
Okay.
Crickets.
Yeah.
He's trying, he's trying, trying stuff out.
Just trying some stuff out.
Yeah.
You're wearing four layers of pants.
And then a pair of boxer briefs.
Just one T-shirt.
One.
Well, this is an interesting garment.
Yeah.
That's what I want to know about.
That's somewhere between bathrobe, dashiki and cape.
It defies description.
Yo, bathrobe, it is a bathrobe.
But dashiki, this was until I cut it down the middle.
To be honest with you, a lot of times what I do, if there's
a dress with a really cool fabric, I'll just, you know, cut it
down the middle because a dress is just really a trench coat
with a seam up it, you know?
Yeah.
I mean, that's the truth, you know?
Lid blown.
Off of dresses and trench coats.
Happy to blow off that lid.
That's one thing I am happy to blow.
And also my piccolo.
But yo, not just one cut down the middle, dashiki.
One dashiki, two dashiki.
There's no three dashiki for.
But then, you know, just a good flannel.
So I have something to keep my important cards, papers,
and rolling papers.
But then on top, you have what?
No, I'm just kidding.
This is a epi pen.
Epy pen.
Yes.
You're terrified of bee stings.
Bee stings.
I got bad peanut allergies and then I'm addicted to eating them.
Whoa.
That's an expensive habit.
Hold on, but guys, I didn't want to look.
If there's one thing I got to just put out there,
I'm here because I love Jeff forever.
Dan is the coolest.
And I'm a huge Harmontown fan.
And so I did just want to say that something I heard Dan say
tonight about Jimmy Carter, that was really, really dope.
I mean, if we're going to think about presidents and stuff,
Jimmy Carter has built literally over like 300, 400 houses
for Habitat for Humanity with his wife.
You know, since leaving office.
I mean, he's a guy that will go, you know,
like to Katrina and build a house just with other volunteers.
He's been doing that.
And I mean, you know, I don't definitely mean to get political,
but his vibes that he sent out were peace and love and good.
And yeah.
And then, you know, who knows.
It's supposedly that they wrinked IQs of presidents,
and then Jimmy Carter is like probably our most intelligent
president we've ever had.
Yeah.
That doesn't surprise me.
No.
I grew up in the Midwest.
So all I remember from that time, I was like eight, nine,
10 years old, something around there.
And I just remember this like hysteria for Reagan.
And like, like, yeah, like everybody was like,
I was, I was socially conditioned to like, oh,
Jimmy Carter is such a fuzz nut.
Like, you know, like it was like, I don't even know what a president is,
but I know I hate Jimmy Carter.
He sucks.
He's such a terrible president.
And like, I'm just fascinated by that because I'm like,
what did he, like, like it seems like such a quiet, you know,
and no one typically doesn't talk about it.
And I have a sneaking suspicion that's because there is nothing
to talk about because he did a really good job.
Absolutely.
I'm assuming.
And because he was so progressive that they destabilized him.
They say like the, like the whole hostage crisis thing,
it was set up for him to fail so that,
so that he would not get reelected and he'd be a one-term president.
There was an oil crisis back then.
I'm really going to show my ass if I start talking about this stuff
because I don't know, but I have a feeling,
I have a weird feeling that there was an oil crisis
because OPEC was forming and like it was like the idea was that,
oh, we had a little crossroads there.
It was like we could have committed to our rhetoric about wanting democracy
and all this stuff.
But then you get a little tough choice there where the people that are sitting
on top of the things that you want start to get votes and stuff
and they're going to vote for people that you don't like.
And I have a feeling that there was probably a,
there probably existed some kind of like weird back to the future maelstrom
where, oh, either Biff goes, you know,
starts washing your car or has a museum.
I think he's done more after his presidency
than most presidents did during their presidency.
Yeah.
Because he's a humanitarian and he's an intellect
and those were the days when people that could actually complete a sentence
and be thoughtful and care about each other.
Yeah.
I mean, it's, I'll tell you this really quick thing.
Like about maybe like 15 years ago I was on a road trip
just kind of driving randomly through Georgia.
And I ended up in Plains, Georgia,
which is literally the town in Georgia where he grew up
and still lives to this day.
And there's maybe like 20 people in the town.
It's dirt poor, but it's still where he never stopped living there.
He grew up there.
I mean, this is the one thing I want to say to that.
I don't think that as a country we should ever elect a president
who has never been poor a day in their life because, you know,
that's going to be, I'm sorry to say,
but someone that's going to lack empathy.
And I mean, I think, yeah, I mean, just, you know.
I don't know anybody cool, like my circle of friends,
all the people that I look up to and respect and think highly of
are people that know the value of what it means to have $1.
Well, how about an easier choice though?
Just say that the title of president shouldn't be a thing
that's like a reward or anything.
It used to be a shit like a clerk job.
In Ireland, this I learned from my ex-wife when we were just,
she was just here for Harmon Quest.
She was explaining that they have this thing that I, you know,
I've been saying since the Trump election,
when you look at like what people like about him
and what people like the only conflicts is like,
you could solve this in the blink of an eye by going,
okay, if we're going to keep insisting that the title of president
basically means American King, then make it a title worth that.
In other words, just let him, like he said himself,
all he wants to do is run around and say,
Hallelujah, like love it, like Louisiana,
peace out and have everybody like with the hats and the things.
Ireland has a president that does that.
That's, that's all they do.
They elect the most Irish guy in Ireland and they call him president.
And then they have like, I don't know what his title is.
I don't know if it's Prime Minister or something else,
but it's like, it's function, it's just like, yeah.
And then there's this person that rolls up their sleeves
and probably went to law school and like runs a fucking country,
like in cooperation with the bureaucracy that you need.
If you're going to have hundreds of millions of people like,
like under you that need your,
their lives to not fall under the whims of things.
Like I, I, yeah, yeah.
So, and also though, definitely.
And also someone that could actually build a all inclusive society,
you know, where, where the goal is for everyone to prosper and do well.
And I mean, and in order for that to happen,
you can't have someone who's corrupt.
It should be a thankless job.
You should like dread being any kind of politician,
because your life should be under a microscope every minute of every day.
Everything you say should be checked and double checked.
And it should be, it should be a job that attracts fetishists for organization.
Fetishists for organization.
Yeah.
People who, there are people in the world who tend in our society
to become accountants and certain kinds of lawyers and things,
civil rights lawyers and people that, those should be our politicians.
The people who would be like, yeah, no, that's not a job for me.
The reason they're saying that is because it's a disgraceful occupation
for narcissists and blowhards.
And they don't want people to look at how they smoked pot in college
and like call or what, you know, look, there's search histories up for debate
or if they ever had an affair and stuff.
Could we just strip that stuff out and make it a, a graceless occupation.
And now they're all trying to do Instagram stories too.
Like beta or Royce, like trying to live tweet from the dentist.
Yeah.
So that, yo, he can be relatable to us.
Yeah, it's like great.
You have dental health care.
Go beta.
I mean, like, yo, good thing your last name ain't Max.
Hell yeah.
The old video format.
Yes.
I've been getting back to the matter at hand.
Oh yeah.
We got to keep this thing on rail.
Oh no.
But I mean, Jimmy Carter is still alive and if mental and physical health are linked
and you know, I believe we all know they are and having good energy in you.
I mean, Jimmy Carter, he's alive way past 90.
He's the real Clint Eastwood.
You know what I mean?
Would you be willing to share Jesse?
Like just, just, just say no.
I think I asked you this last week, but I was kind of in a blackout.
I was like, Hey, next time you come out, could we, would you be okay talking about
the fact that recently like you were kind of off the grid for a little bit?
Sure.
Stuff like that.
Yeah, absolutely.
A lot of kids listen and like they go up and down and stuff.
Oh, absolutely.
You've been struggling with stuff and like you're, you're, you're, are you on the wagon
now?
You want to talk about that stuff?
Like where are you?
Oh, by sobriety?
Yeah.
Oh, I mean, like what you've done, where you've plummeted, where, what you're back from,
where you are.
It's okay if where you are now.
Oh boy.
Okay.
Like also just say, no, I don't want to talk about that.
I don't want to, I want to have fun and not do that.
But if you,
No, no, no, absolutely.
I mean, there's definitely, you know, some lows and some highs.
I mean, talking about politicians for a brief moment, they're a crazy bunch these days.
I am someone who I can say has slept with not only Camilla Harris, but also Lindsey Graham
and yo, there's some freaks in the Senate.
Yeah.
That's what I was talking about.
Yes.
But, but, but, but, but Lindsey Miller Graham, Lindsey Miller Graham.
Yeah.
Lindsey Mellon camp.
But listen, I want to say that, that no, no, Dan, from my heart, honestly, like, um,
life, that's what makes life life is that, you know, you have amazing highs and then the
rest is like lessons in humility and, you know, both are great and necessary.
And so, um, no, I, and, and first off, one other thing, just as a human being, you,
I mean, Harmontown, the movie is such a courageous movie and you, if anything, have always, I
mean, just from the bottom of the heart and why, um, just want to say that you being such
a courageous person and just, you know, letting everything out there so people can learn from
it is such a beautiful thing.
I do.
I'll be honored, you know, to really a selfless act.
Like I appreciate it.
I'm, I'm, I'm like, I'm alive because I found out that I can, I can say what is on my mind
and like, I'll live longer than if I, than if I bottle it up.
That's why I just, because you were, you were missing for a little bit, like, I, like, Jeff,
you, didn't you find him?
I mean, it's like, like, like, you were withdrawn and you were, and Jesse, like, tell me, like,
if you don't want to talk about it, but like, like your sister called me up and said, you,
you went off the grid and she said, like, where's Jesse and text him?
And I did, but you didn't have your phone.
And then one day I got a fucking awesome text from you and you're like, Hey, man, and you
were just cracking jokes and you were back and, uh, with the story, the story about,
can we tell the story?
Draw a lot of value from that.
If you've been to dark places, you don't want to talk about it and it takes you back to
dark places to talk about it, then it accomplishes the opposite of the,
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, not at all.
I'm, I'm guys honest.
I'm honest.
We were real fucking worried about you and, and we, we put the bat signal out and says,
where's Jesse?
Yes.
And then you told me when you texted me, we, I called you, uh, and you said, it's like
finding out what it would be like to die because I find out how much people will care
about me.
And like, like, like, and you go, oh, like, like, these are the people that would care
if I died.
And don't mistake that as advice for the youth or anything like, Hey, you know what?
You should try.
But, but, but nobody, but you found out that like, like there are people, cause I, I think
of you, Jesse, as somebody, and my joke is always that you would give me the seven shirts
off your back.
Uh, but you, you're that kind of friend, you would, you would, you would do anything
for a friend.
Yeah.
And then you found out who your friends were when, when you went off the, uh, off the air
for a while.
As far as I understand, like it's pretty obvious from your personality.
Sorry, I know we're explaining you to you, but, but like, I, like, I think it's the thing
that draws me to the reason I want to hear about any, any, any things that you've battled
just because of this, because, um, you're a really nice guy and I, I don't know you
that well, but I, I feel like it's like seawater where like, you know, from a drop, like what
the content of an ocean is and that you're not a judgmental person.
You don't, you don't put a lot of energy out towards like, um, worrying about other people
and how they should be in order for you to be happy.
No, no, no, no.
It's important for people to learn that there's a, I mean, or to, or to deal with the fact
that like people, like, like, if that hurts, like, like, like, like, I feel like there's
too many people in our society that like are like that, like, look, I don't want to judge
other people and all this stuff.
And there's like, that comes with a lot of self loathing, a lot of self torture, like
directing a lot of energy inward where you're like, I'm a piece of shit.
So I'm just going to like medicate and like vanish and I'm, I'm sick of this.
So anyways, that's why I'm like, that's why I think it could be so valuable to talk about
because
Absolutely.
I, um, so in order to, um, I'll tell you, I'll tell you guys the whole story in order
to put it, um, properly in perspective, um, oh, but I don't in any way, in any way want
to, um, throw my sister under the bus either because she, um, she is a fantastic person
with her own demons too.
But, um, so basically, um, from like about, um, 2015 through like the end of 2016, I've
been working with my sister on, um, on a new series and it had been going amazing.
I mean, we had, um, you know, and we still, you know, it's still all there and it can
and, and we're still working on, on, on putting it together, but we, we, um, basically I had
worked really hard on this project with my sister and for, um, you know, for some reasons
and to be really blunt, I was really kind of like on the, on the verge of making a comeback
that had been like 15 years in the making.
But this is, this, um, what I'm trying to get to is that, you know, like, um, my sister
and I kind of had a falling out over some, some crazy stuff or she really went into a,
a dark patch and then, you know, um, we couldn't see the, the show to fruition for a moment
and I kind of just fell into a depression and I had been sober for about, um, and when
I say sober, I just mean like no hard substances, you know, and, um, I don't consider marijuana
and I don't consider, you know, like an alcohol, um, you know, to, to really be a drug, but
at the same time, you know, anything that you abuse and, and, um, you know, anything
that's, uh, basically just numbing you in your pain without allowing you to grow at
all.
I mean, that's, that's an addiction and that's a drug and so what I'm getting into is that
I did kind of like fall into, um, a year and a half drug addiction with, um, a drug
that I hadn't touched in over like, uh, seven and a half years, because I was just, you
know, um, uh, the, the, the fallout from, well, uh, just things with my sister, um,
you know, and then, um, everything, you know, yeah, I just kind of fell into a depression,
but, um, where I'm going with all of that is, um, so then I, um, basically, so I was
using some heavy drugs for like almost a year and a half and then I ended up kind of just
like, you know, in Fontana, California, as one does, you know, nothing, nothing good
happens in Fontana, by the way, 24 hour auto zone, so think about what you need headphones
to live there.
Right.
I've the only time I've been to Fontana.
I had headphones on the entire time.
Oh, well, if you want your car fixed, relatively dirt, as cheap, all you got to do is and wait
until it's about 10 because the frig's come out at night, but you go to the 24 hour auto
zone in Fontana after 10 and basically there are tons of people really high on supplements
in the parking lot, either working on their own car or just hoping that someone might need
work done on their car.
So like, when you call me, you said, I'm telling you get four of these after hour auto zone,
like, you know, um, mechanics in the parking lot, like together and you'll have a new engine
in a car in like two hours for like a hundred bucks and maybe a bag of flaming hot Cheetos,
you know.
So I'm telling you when you call me, you're at a pick apart in Fontana, right?
Oh, that was way after that was that is a couple of years into things.
I mean, so this is where the story gets good is that I think that, um, and again, I don't
in any way mean to slag my sister and I, um, uh, you know, she would just use your I
statements.
That's what I've learned.
If she's a part of the story, but you can still say, look, I was, I was, I felt, I felt
bad or whatever.
That's great.
You don't have to worry about slagging her.
Well, exactly.
I mean, um, well, during, during my time at depression, you know, I didn't have much,
um, you know, uh, uh, of a relationship, you know, with my sister much either and she
was kind of in her own dark place too.
And so I think, you know, that's why I really kind of become despondent and, um, because
you know, uh, you know, this was my creative partner, my, my, my best friend and my sister.
And so, you know, I, I really missed her so much and we were really on the verge of,
um, some really cool things.
And so I mean, like, um, uh, so what I was going to say is, um, this, is that, uh, wow,
I know that this does sound like not many brain cells are in here, but I'm really trying
to just, uh,
It sounds like it's important and people are listening and they've been through way
worse, believe me, as far as quality of show, like they're, they're, they're listening
and they're fine.
And you can take your time and find the words.
I just, you know, met this Anita Baker impersonator named Tito and, um, that's a whole other
chapter for another podcast, but I'll tell you this, um, that, um, oh Jeff, by the way,
um, uh, Tony, um, what's your friend, the friend that works at the car wash with the
obnoxious mustache that puts a turtle wax in it.
Oh no.
This is how Jeff finds out the bus that we're going back.
We're going back.
But, um, I, I hope we have a friend.
He loves that.
We do.
I would love to have a friend with a, uh, his name is Tommy Tango and he says hello.
I know Tommy T.
I, I, I don't, but thank you.
Yo, the mustache, but guys getting, getting, oh wow.
You see, that's myself.
Honestly, that's a defense mechanism because it's easier to joke and I'm going to get into
the real heavy stuff.
And so, um, you can also, you can also pull up and out and we'll touch back on it another
day.
Okay.
But, but, but I think, I think like we're almost right at the end.
And so, you know, just two more seconds, guys, over the waterfall and in our own.
We're doing it.
Do you, like, like you tell us as much as you want because, um, first of all, I'm happy
you're back.
Yeah.
Because I was worried about you.
And also America is happy.
I'm back.
Yeah.
Oh man.
Thank you.
But, but, but as, as definitely didn't have to coax that one as, as, as Dan said, uh,
and quite rightly, the, uh, like to the extent that you are willing to share what you went
through, I think is helpful to people that listen to our show.
So like, like, like, not to sell corny, but like 16 year olds, I'd really, you know,
um, without sounding corny about this, I mean, like just to put it in, in real, like, um,
you know, black and white, cliff note terms, you know, um, I'd been working with my sister
who I still love and adore, um, and, and we made this insane project where, you know,
we have, um, of course, the Jeff Davis appearance, but everything from, you know, Miley Cyrus
to George Clinton to Alice Cooper, um, lots of really cool interviews and crazy sketches
and, you know, me at Charlotte Hornets games and, you know, and, um, in West Virginia,
Appalachia, it's like just a whole crazy show project that would make it.
And then we had this big fallout.
And so, you know, I, I just equate it like to, like, if you were part of a band, you
guys had been through like this journey and we're about to like, you know, finally release
your record, the band, you know, breaks up and the record is shelved.
That's just the head state.
And, and, and, but you know what, the, the more I'm talking about this, I just want to
say, you know, like, fuck me, because I mean, these are really quality problems to have,
you know what I mean?
But at the same time, it's not so much about the project.
It's about, um, just losing, you know, my sister, who, you know, I, uh, you guys just,
you know, it's like my right arm, you know, right?
What's your status with her right now?
No, we, we, um, we don't really talk at all, you know, and she was freaked out, man, because
she's like, like, I barely know her.
And she, she was texting me.
This is the, when I was in Fontana, I had actually left my phone in, um, a car of a,
of a dude.
And then I didn't really, um, exactly know how to get it back.
And, um, kind of was just, you know, again, in a depressed state.
So I kind of like was like, you know, all right, I'm going to enjoy not having a phone.
And this was only about like nine days.
And then, um, but it was, honestly, it felt kind of cool, like, to not have a phone.
And I was just really sorting through, you know, my problems.
And, uh, and so I had also kind of during that time without the phone, I made a decision
mentally to be like, okay, I'm stopping, um, doing the drugs that I was doing completely.
And, um, you know, I, because at the end of the day, you know, I was doing that to, to
get myself through a hurdle.
I was doing like a upper type of drug and when I'm getting that is, um, you know, if
you all of a sudden, you know, you, you find yourself alone, but you'd made all this, you
know, great progress and you didn't want to lose everything, but you were just really
confused how to move on without your band.
You know, my thinking is, well, let me do this drug that will like, you know, kind of
like help focus me and numb, you know, my sadness over what happened.
Because it was a really, um, you know, like emotional thing and, um, you know, you first
turned to a project oriented, uh, narcotic.
Yes.
Exactly.
That makes a lot of sense.
I got that.
That's, that's an interesting like explanation of that.
Like, uh, yes, definitely, because it is the project, the thing that like when I, when
you invited me to the whiskey to meet LA guns, do you still have all that footage?
Oh, it's all there.
Yeah.
It's going to be great.
I just, I'm learning how to, how to, to edit it now.
I got, I got like years of content back stage to a rock show with Jesse camp and, uh, guess
what?
Everybody is happy that Jesse's there and he has all this awesome footage of him and
his sister interviewing people and just talking backstage and that is something that I would
absolutely need to see.
Oh yeah.
It's amazing.
Is it still extant?
Like it'll happen still or not?
Oh, absolutely.
And I mean, it's, it's a really cool project.
It's kind of like, you know, like Mike judge, Mike judges tales from the tour bus, you know,
in that, um, you know, you have crazy rock stuff interweaving with just, um, basically
like, you know, uh, fun travel segments, like, you know, go into weird, uh, flea markets
in like Knoxville, Tennessee and helping out in the wig department there with, you know,
senior ladies watching, watching famous rockers meet you like, I, because I've, I've seen
that.
Yeah.
And it's, it's pretty magical.
Like, like that's something that should happen because like, like to know you is to love
you and to know who's also like to know that like you would like always make things happy
and fun.
So like you have to finish this thing.
Well, let me, oh yeah.
Yeah.
And, and just super, just super quick, you guys, what I want to say is that basically
like during those, so this is the, the, the funny part about me, this is the part of the
story where I find out that I was a missing person because I had no idea.
Okay.
Cause like, I guess, you know, like my, so like I had emailed, oh, get this.
Cause I'm, I'm very, I am very close with my mom.
So just about your nine days gone, nine days gone.
And you're like, no, no, it was a good thing and yeah, nine days gone to paint the picture.
Now, so I'm in Fontana.
Are you editing?
Are you like, are you like working on a laptop on, they're like, and you're like, no, okay.
No, just living life.
Just like, you're just focused.
Yeah.
You're experiencing focus.
Well, we talk about the fashion and I'm not bragging out of school here, but Jeff knows
this too.
I'm a big, I'm a, I'd have to cross diagnose myself with another addiction and that's,
I'm a, I'm a thrift store junkie and like, you know, you're, you're wearing a jacket
right now that can only be described as like any get your gun meets, uh, wild, wild Bill
Hickok.
Yeah.
With a little Nell in there.
I thought Jody Foster, I mean, who wouldn't want to be the costume designer on Nell.
It's just like bed sheets.
Okay.
The thread.
John Bon Jody.
Yes.
Oh, great story here.
Great shout out.
And here's another thing if, if, if, and I want, I really want to put my services out
there.
If you guys, cause I, when I was here, um, right before Christmas, you guys had P homes
on that was, that was epic, brilliant show.
I do.
I, I love one other talent is that I think of myself as a mini booker and I'm not talking
about Richard Greco's character on the last season of 21 Jump Street, whose name is Booker.
Okay.
A lot of, a lot of, uh, a reference for two people here on mis misread the crowd there.
But no, I mean, you guys are more of a Gilmore girls kind of bunch and that's cool with me.
You know, do you guys know that Dan gets starred as mailman Jerry on two unerred episodes
of Gilmore girls, very, very cool stuff.
You know, it's only shown in Japan for reasons Dan knows a little about and, um, and, and
so does Lauren Graham.
Do you want to talk about that?
Hey, no, let me, let me, let me get back on track.
Back on track.
Is this, is this so, so I am, um, six, um, basically it's nine days after I had lost
my phone and said, just fuck it, you know, in that and, and then like three days sober
from that.
But then, so I was three days sober, um, I started to get a bit of a sinus infection.
And so I went to a hospital, yeah, I shouldn't say, but it's very close to Fontana and has
its own hospital and two good wills and the savers and it starts with the R and it's its
own county.
Okay.
Iverside.
I was in Riverside.
I go into the hospital and like, um, and you, you had been missing for months.
As far as I knew.
No, no, oh, we should suffix this.
So basically my sister had only briefly talked with my mom that I had been, that she hadn't
heard from me, my mom and I do talk on the reg.
And so then I think my sister did, I think her imagination, but maybe genuine concern,
maybe, maybe some guilt, maybe whatever.
She was, she was really worried that cause she knew I was depressed.
I mean, like she didn't know that.
And so I mean, I think that she maybe genuinely was worried that I maybe did something rash
because I was so broken up about, you know, like, um, you know, just, uh, it's a really
rough situation.
You know, people that want to hurt you, like, like no business in your, your relationship,
but people that want to hurt you, um, and have the choice between soliciting finding
you.
And one thing to say, I come from a big line of like, well, let's be dramatic about so
and so's problem and like want to help them because actually what we're doing is we're
weaponizing our like concern because they're, they're here every Christmas and let's fuck
with them.
But, um, it's another thing for you to be off the, I don't, not knowing your sister,
I can safely say, I don't think it was her animosity that provoked her to explain to
people how dire it was that you were missing.
She was very concerned with me.
She texted me and let me know, let me know that she was really worried.
I think, I think if you, I think if you wanted to hurt somebody and they're, and they're
off the grid, whether it's nine days or three months, like you, you're, it's not the part
of you that hates them that makes you go, this is really serious.
I, even if it's not really serious from your point of view, it's not the part of them
that hates you that makes them go to that high note.
That's the part of them that wants you found because maybe even the part of her that feels
a little bit of responsibility and I think that's very salvageable as much as this project
too, and, and, and easily salvageable and, and, and like, what, if not to like conduct
your fucking story, but like the feeling of that rope coming back out of that, like,
and, and, like, this idea of like, you didn't know you were missing content.
And then, and then, and then absolutely, so, um, so I'm in this hospital and, um, you know,
I think I gave my, um, you know, a variation on my name.
I don't remember, I was not, oh man, um, I love a good emergency room and so I was in
one and, um, basically like, you know, they were the, you know what, screw that.
This hospital was really a beautiful place.
There's a hospital.
I don't know how many.
And they had, they had one, they asked one thing of you, don't name our county.
Right, right.
You've got two good wills and a great emergency room and you're like Riverside and now every
fucking asshole.
You got rumbled in there because you said the other name, but they go, but you're Jesse.
Yes.
Yes, exactly.
So basically I told the nurse that my name was, you know, maybe, um, John Camp, I don't
even know.
Um, not again, just for, you know, like, just because you, you know what I mean, he wants
to give you a real info and social security number to a hospital.
You told them they're your actual name, but they're like, but aren't you right?
Right.
So I said probably that, um, cause my full, you know, my full name is Tito camp.
And so basically set him Tito camp and then they're like, okay, Tito, but like the nurse
looked at me like she kind of like knew who I was, which was really weird because I was,
you know, um, yeah, a little disheveled perhaps or then again, I don't look much different
than now.
I'm not very much a kindred spirit with a drunk Gary Busey, but, um, whereas going with
this is that so basically then the nurse is like, okay, all right, you know, Josh, I think
I said I was Josh cause that's, that's very close to my, um, my full name, which is
Chad would have been believable.
Yeah.
I'm a, I look like Chad so much like a Chad, a Chad wick is also what they call, um, the
part of a candle that you like called Chad, stay on target.
So, um, basically then I'm sitting to the nurse is like, okay, Josh, you know, and then
the, then, and then the doctor comes in and he's like, Jesse, what's going on?
And I'm like, what the fuck?
How did he know?
Jesse, I've been telling people I was Josh and so I said, oh, Jesse, but then I knew
the J was up.
They knew who I was.
And so I was just like, like trying to put the pieces together, like I know that I'm
a national treasure.
I know that the U S has made several, not just one stamp with my face on it, but like
10 different, you know, stamps by annually with my head on it.
It's great.
Um, the new 34 stent Jesse camp stamp is Jesse camp stamp for all you tramps.
Okay.
Enough rhyming.
I have a camp stamp over my butt.
Jeff does have a camp stamp from the time he, um, he was with my mom and I didn't understand
the relationship at the time.
Now I do.
It was a very beautiful Herald and then mod type of deal back on target, back on track.
Okay.
So, um, to the doctor was like, you know, like, just, you know, like, okay, Jess.
So I, I, so again, I had said that my name was Josh to the nurse and then the nurse was
like, Josh, okay, Josh, why don't you come back here with me?
And then she came in, Josh, the doctor will see you now.
Oh, okay.
Cool.
Hey, I'm Josh.
I have a sinus infection.
You know, I just need some antibiotics.
I didn't rush to that part yet.
Never self-diagnose yourself at the doctor's office.
That is a sure way to not get the prescription you're trying to get filled.
You know, like, don't go in there and be like, oh, you know, like, let them assess your back
pain.
Just look real grimacing in the face so they really believe you're in pain.
Don't oversell it.
Okay.
That's to my homes in New Hampshire and West Virginia.
You know who you are at the pill mill, but back on track.
I'm just kidding.
Who am I to throw stones?
What I'm really getting at is that, yo, I'm like lost in Fontana, F in California, end
up at a hospital in the Riverside.
Basically the doctor had like seen something about me being missing on TMZ.
I had no clue in the nine days since I had lost my phone that somehow like I had been
reported on like, you know, on like people.com, you know, does the dick meet the expectations
of the foot size website, you know, dick it or stick it.
I mean, no, what am I talking about?
I'm sorry guys.
Stick it or stick it is something.
I think we can make some money.
Dicker is sticker.
I think it's definitely like a, you know, your doctor swiped left or right.
Your doctor is at the ER had seen you on TMZ and so they were so actually really
really super cool.
They brought me like two meals of hospital food on.
I didn't ask.
They were just like, they were like super cool.
Like they were like basically like they owned a sports bar and kid rock came in there.
Yeah.
They're like, you know, they're dope.
They were just like, you want some Delotin's and I was just like, no, you know, all right.
Sure.
What's the street value?
Yes, I'll take it, but they were really, really cool and really sweet and really encouraging
and they said, you know, um, honestly, something along the lines of, you know, that, that,
you know, you have a good soul and you're a good kid and not kid because I am definitely
now like, um, I'm in the halftime show, but yo, I'm 39 years old.
So 40 is the halftime and then, you know what I mean?
If life is a football game or a Super Bowl, but, um, back at the matter at hand and again,
I'm totally be honest, that's a self defense mechanism to kind of like, you know, to try
to put some humor on this cause, cause these, yeah, it's, it is rough talking about this
is necessary, but these, these were beyond humbling times, growing times and times when
you know, um, yeah, you, you, you, you just, you are all of this in the end is, is, is
good because, you know, it, but in that moment where you, where you irritated, it's okay.
But the answer is yes.
Because at the time it was like, like, I was a little, well, you know, I'm here by choice
and I don't want to be rescued and it's embarrassing that people like, I can imagine that would
be very humiliating and, and maybe angry when you, when you find out you're a missing person
when you were just, you know, um, at the, you know, end of a year and a half drug odyssey
and that ends in again, Fontana, it's right off the 10 by the way, Fontana is that beautiful
hamlet between Ontario and San Bernardino. Okay. So again, if you want to go to Fontana,
take the ten freeway fun about it. It's a lot heavier on the fawn as in dude. Fondue
is if chocolate and cheese and fondue is like, and it has some, I know that that okay. Final
thought we have to wrap up here though. We do have to wrap up. I know and I will like
a fucking condom about to go into Heidi flight. I don't want to write your story for you,
but we're looking for that moment of like the crossing and return threshold where you
were like, okay, I'm coming back. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. I got that moment for
you and more Jesse. I'm going to pull a Stefan Jesse redemption isn't lower East Side New
York bar where there are lots of midgets that wear Fanny packs. Jesse, I have to say the
day that you called me up and you had been gone for a while and you called me up, I,
you couldn't, I got to say, yeah, the feeling that hit me. I think I know where you're getting
at Jeff is that when the doctors, they really showed a lot of love and that's, I had no
idea that I was missing when I had checked out of the planet or lost my phone. I definitely
wasn't wasn't in the headspace of thinking that there's a big world out there that that
cares about you or that you're significant. You know what I mean? I definitely felt like
broken. I felt, you know, almost to the point of here's the thing is that if you have nothing
to lose, there's a real freedom with that. I mean, like, like Kris Kristofferson freedoms,
just another word for nothing left to lose. You probably thought you were doing yourself
and other people a favor. Yeah, I mean, I didn't care anymore. And I just more honest
than you had been, you felt, but you felt like that's the riveting part of this. Like,
I feel this way so much. And like, I want to hear from people that have gone and come
back. Yeah. So sorry, sorry to interrupt. But no, not at all. I mean, that's definitely
a sign of, you know, of not being. No, let's just call it what it is. I mean, you're depressed.
If you're not, if you lose your phone and you don't want to like immediately go to an
Apple store or ATT or Sprint or whomever you get your phone from. Again, if you want a
good phone at a relatively cheaper price than even offer up the 24 hour auto zone in Fontana
has all your needs mobile mechanics, Pays to grind with transgender. They got mechanics
to go as you felt that feeling when you felt that very complicated layered feeling of a
lost my phone. And for the first time in my life, I feel like actually maybe that's the
way to go. I feel good. My life is there. Is there a return threshold equivalent? I'm
just a screenwriter from the Sidfield school. Like, is there a picture to really be just
just blunt about where I was prior to this? Did you save a cat at any point? No, that's
a screenwriting joke. Okay, continue. Sorry. No, I mean, no, no, no, sorry. I don't get
distracted by that. It didn't even get a laugh. So not worth it. Well, to add to that, you
know, I I'd like to think I didn't save a cat. No, you shouldn't have you shouldn't
have and that's not story structure. That's a different thing. It's a dialectic about
okay. Not bad. But um, but here's the thing and believe me, man, like Bruce, do not even
I don't even mean to even remotely think that I'm like, on the level of like a beautiful
soul like a Bruce Springsteen. But to be really honest, I was just so broken that I was kind
of wandering the streets of Fontana, kind of like Bruce Springsteen in the streets of
Philadelphia video, you know, where I believe, you know, from the movie where where Tom Hanks
has AIDS and he knows he's not gonna survive that and then you you know, you're just pulling
back from life in a way. I mean, I was just at a point where I was almost I don't I don't
man, I was just at my threshold of what I could endure. But the thing is, is that having
the strength to enter, I want to let everyone in this room know that like, you know, I was
just depressed, but never in a bazillion years would I ever no matter the level of
depression. And this is not also me passing judgment on people that that that check out
and can't take it. But I still know, even in my darkest hours, what a blessing it is
to be alive. And, you know, I'm very much, you know, of the opinion of if you've they
say this about successful people that when you realize something's not going right, you
know, you can abandon it quickly. And that, you know, the longer we that if you're in
a toxic relationship, you know, but you put a lot of time in it, you're apt to stay in
it longer because you've already invested this time. So you don't want to lose the time
you already have. And that's why bad relationships kind of go on and on and on forever.
And what if you feel that about your life?
Well, I'll say I'll say this just for myself. And I think for everybody, I love you.
Yeah. And no, I know that. And I and it's, I didn't mean to shut you off on that, Jeff,
I know that. And but I mean, to hear that from you that that that that's a heavy emotion.
But I mean, that was it was it was what this it was a really this is beyond the life changing
experience. Because I mean, I'm not saying that I was like a guy who jumped off the Golden
Bridge Golden Gate Bridge and like survived. And now that's the danger to me. That's the
thing is that we a lot of us associate like the idea of these thoughts with I was never
ever going to put a gun in your mouth, all that stuff. But like, the these decisions
can be made in the I know exactly the feeling that you're talking about when you're like,
you know what? What if I was a fucking ghost? What if I didn't exist? That's different from
saying, I'm going to take proactive action to do this dramatic thing because you're
feeling the opposite of dramatic. You're feeling worthless. You're feeling like like just like
it feels in those moments like not just liberation, but like a weird medicinal kind of like, yeah,
this is it. This is what I need. This feels good. Totally. It's I'm not going to say no,
it's not good, but I'm also going to say it's incredibly dangerous because you're alone.
And so yeah, it was there. Was there a I mean, I mean, or have you been dragged back and
we're going to lose you again to that? Never. No, no, no, no, this. No, to be really blunt
about that. And that and the other thing too is that I'm not I'm not anything coming out
my mouth. I'm not trying to to pet myself on the back. But I mean, like, there's definitely,
you know, the fun love inside of me. But I mean, I'm, you know, I'm experienced as far
as like that you could, you know what? No, I'm not even going to say what I was going
to say, but I could definitely just say that, you know, like if I'm walking the streets
in Fontana, you know, I mean, like, I love to to bring I live like to put positive energy
out there into the world. That's that's my that that's really the only reason to live
life where I'm going with this all is that this this is really heavy. But I promise I
didn't take you guys this far to abandon it. But what I the point I was trying to get at
when I brought up that whole thing about successful people and then knowing how to quit early,
but like that that really if you're following your heart and you've invested so much time
in a bad relationship, you know, you want to hang in there. Well, I mean, I'm very much
like that in life, you know, I didn't put in these 39 years to not, you know, now I've
been in it that I'm definitely wanting to see it all the way till 80, maybe 90, or you
know, with, yeah, head transplants, maybe 110, you know, who knows. But where I'm really
going with all this is that it was two things. And then I promise I'll wrap this up. But
it was really, I think that what our subconscious is, our subconscious do for us is sometimes
incredibly protective. Because I thought that I think in a lot of ways that I don't know
this is going to sound crazy, but you know, like, I wanted to lose that phone. And I wanted
to go off the grid, because I ultimately wanted to get to that place. I wanted to make a
low for myself and make that low as fast as I could, because I wanted to land. And I didn't
want to live the way that I had been living. And I just didn't, you know, and, and, and
I didn't, I, I didn't want to numb the pain. That's basically all I did for like a year
and a half was just numb this emotional pain, didn't grow from it. My body was just in subconscious
and mind was just, you know, telling me to let go. Because one thing I completely do
believe in is that I think and obviously if you were at 9 11 and you were with all that
the debris that was so cancerous, you're going to get cancer. But I do think sorry, sorry,
that's probably a weird time to break that to you. Oh, yeah. But that anger is a cancer.
And so I really think that long story short that I needed to kind of like, you know, go
off the grid, but my thinking was just that I was going to do this. I was going to then,
you know, get a couple of days sober and then just continue on my journey. It was almost
like wanting to get clean and like a cocoon. And so I just, and I came out and, and I had
no idea what I told Jeff is true that, that, that, that basically you would go on like,
you know, Instagram and you'd see like, you know, like people would be like, Oh, Nikki
six was, you know, looking for you. And you know, when President Barack Obama was looking
for you, you know what I mean? And Rex Tillerson was looking for you. What's the connection
there? And I'm just like, I don't know. I mean, like, Rex, he was always a big fan.
You know, I mean, it was just like, he would be like, yo, Jess, get on the big Exxon Valdez
cruise boat thing and let's party. I mean, but Rex Tillerson was looking for you. Oh
man, man, it's a hacky part of me that's like pushing through this weird return threshold
thing. I think the incredibly valuable thing is the resonance of like everybody, whether
or not they drop off the grid and go to Fontana, lose their phone or not. We constantly are
combating this feeling of like, I'm a fucking ghost. I would be better focused and doing
a better job. It's like, it is possible to kill yourself with everyone's permission
because you'd never checked with them because you didn't talk about it. You can you can
slip away into shadow and you don't perceive it as shadow. I'm not. And I know that the
whole time you're like, look, I never intended to do any of this. And I am not telling you,
no, you're perceived it wrong. I'm I'm saying the reason that story is so valuable is because
I think everybody listening is constantly going like, well, what if I what if I what
if I what if I and it's not always what if I did something dangerous? What if I did
something? It's sort of just sort of like, like, like, would anyone miss me? Like, like,
like, shouldn't I just shouldn't I just be by myself? And there's a really fine line
between that like self help and like the opposite. Yeah. And here's the thing is that I mean,
I think what it really boils completely down to in the soul and the spirit of us of people
is that is having hope. Hope is everything. If you have hope, hope will fuel positivity.
I mean, one big lesson I learned from all of this is that mental health is the most important
thing we have. And that, like your physical health, like you do have to exercise and and
be conscious of what you're eating, you know, mental health, I just always took it for granted
before the last couple of years. And I realized that it's incredibly important to to be social,
to not self isolate and to be with all your friends and and to live a full life and and
to say yes. And just but but more than that, I mean, it's a battle out there. And there's
never been a harder time to be a human being. No scratch that statement. I can't believe
I was about to say there was never a harder time to be a human than 2019. What am I thinking
caveman? You know, I'm going to get by a buffalo.
Let's give it up everybody. Thank you for coming to heart.
She can't everybody. Thank you for being vulnerable sharing your before I go out on the music.
I want to say, Jesse, I fucking love you. I'm a lucky man to have quality and anybody
listening. If you ever get the lucky break to hang out with Jesse camp, you are a fucking
lucky human. Well, a couple of things to plug if I may. Yes.
All right. I got a to hear who here is a big salt and pepper fan. Well, yo, get this. It's
not a competing podcast, but I have a pepper cast. That's right. Me and pepper from salt
and pepper. We are just everybody. Yeah, this has been a chance for David's dad. I mean,
but for real, maybe you're a joy to know you're a joy to be around. And I appreciate you so
much to the bottom of my boots, man. Thank you all.
Try it fast and take chance. Thank you.
Did you get any of that?